inflation is transitory inflation is
transitory don't worry it's only going
to be a temporary period and
everything's going to be a okay you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you a little bit of fun to start the
day today because when we talk about
inflation it could become a serious and
heavy topic so let's break it down here
and what we are seeing here at this time
instead of trying to believe what
they're going to tell us that everything
is going to be fine and yet people are
struggling let's look at the truth of it
all and we could make the best decisions
for ourselves and of course our families
and those around us I want to start by
looking at the supply chain and what has
happened over the last while has been of
course it's up and down it's a roller
coaster look at this example Freight
brokerage bubble bursting as Freight
markets face a Long Winter now think
think about this we are in Q4 Q4 is when
things are intense it it's crazy I mean
for my business e-commerce I'm shipping
thousands of units there thousands of
units here and during Q4 it's more
expensive and I mean everything's more
expensive about Q4 but delays delays
because there's more trucks are needed
there's not enough it's hard to get
things you know across borders it's all
kinds of problems that pile up and so Q4
you better get prepared early this time
around no issue it was weird it was
spooky okay it's like Halloween
continued right on into November it's
wild that we did not experience what we
experienced last year or the year before
that was something that I found to be
very unusual and it tells us what's
happening with the consumer I'm able to
give you this information I'll show you
the data but at the same time from my
own personal experience in my other
business that I have the firsthand
experience at the same time I'm hearing
it from others in the industry I'm part
of different groups that allow me to
hear things that they're just not
available to the public so I can give
you that from so many different levels
not just an economist sitting behind you
know in this fancy office and whatever
no no no that's not what this is all
about I can give you what are the Bell
weathers way better than what those
others are out there because they're not
they're talking nonsense they're talking
about transitory inflation I mean can
you trust these people look thehl supply
chain to open four more automated
warehouses this is just one example I
have seen this with others if you know
instacart right now you order instacart
it's a shoer it's a human person he goes
to the supermarket for you he goes to
the Whole Foods or whatever it is he
packs it all up he puts it in the back
he pays for it you go to the exit he
delivers that to you you pay the company
and that's it that's the end of the
story of how it works but what instacart
is trying to do is a warehousing model
where robots are doing all the picking
and packing it gets put into the truck
and it gets delivered to you one less
person being able to do that would
streamline it at faster service for the
people and of course lowering the costs
lowering the costs makes it cheaper
hopefully for the end consumer that
would be deflationary but the problem
with this of course is that you can see
people their jobs no longer present a
lot of these jobs are going to go away
do we need as many people doing the
picking and packing anymore no do we
need all those Uber drivers when they
start to allow the some would say
craziness of the autonomous driving this
is the world we live in today as I
record this video just recently we we
had Sam ultman from open AI the maker of
chat GPT and the thought is as of this
recording anyway some information was
released to Reuters and what they said
was they achieved something what they
believe is probably you know inching
closer to
AGI and that's kind of like you know
when the Terminator takes over when uh
gets a little bit beyond you know just
some chat Bots they may have achieved
that already that freaked everybody out
the board said this guy's going too far
and he's not stopping we need to fire
him they fired him and of course um
those working there they probably like
it they probably are into that anyway
the point is we're getting we're going
so fast right now you know think about
it one year ago chat GPT open AI wasn't
open to the public it wasn't there and a
year later they're already closing in um
potentially who knows AGI one year this
is happening faster than we can keep up
with the jobs will be slaughtered all
right Food suppliers feel the pinch on
Cold Storage construction is moving look
there are still industries that are in
need so make sure that you are in those
you got to be on that look for those
open AI Engineers they're making 800
Grand in some cases so they're they're
in the right business for now there's no
question about it this as well there are
certain things that are needed so we
need need to be in those Industries if
you are in college if you're in high
school or if you're a parent that has a
child going into something and maybe you
got to push them in the right direction
to make sure they are going to go into a
field that is necessary with all of this
technology developing at such a rapid
Pace Manufacturing in major economies
continues a downward Trend this is the
real deal I told you about this and we
are seeing it at the beginning of this
video there's just data the raw data
it's all there
this is the Chicago fed National
activity index it's been down of course
because we have a lot of that popping up
right here now and how does that reflect
in the real economy well inflation
driving more Americans to food banks for
Thanksgiving Staples people can't afford
their Basic Essentials and we were told
as all about Supply chains the supply
chain issue is no no long it's not there
it's not there and the profit
for those companies moving that Freight
it's not there either they're going
bankrupt they're having issues so you
see what's going on this is a bigger
problem than just you know freight
companies they that they're the ones
they were making a hefty profit for a
while but that supply chain issue
largely gone the prices are back down to
where they were before the volumes are
way down even in Q4 so what's q1 going
to look like it is going to be quiet
maybe there's going to be some
liquidations so pay attention 25% of
Americans still have holiday debt from
last year if you're in a hole stop
digging says money expert look you don't
have to be you don't have to be a money
expert to say that I mean I don't even
know what why they would quote that but
CNBC what can you do people are carrying
debt and on average I've seen anywhere
between 6 and 8,000
even up to $10,000 of debt of a balance
on a credit card okay at
25% interest rate this is detrimental
for a year who knows probably even
before that this is just the measurement
that they they took so we know that this
is a big concern and we need to do
whatever we can right here and now to
get rid of our bad Deb the economy is
not looking good you you're seeing this
I mean it's clear clear Barclays could
slash 2,000 jobs in a $1.3 billion cost
cut what is the first thing they cut
that's right it's the jobs what I've
told everybody is that in the next cycle
there will not be as you know as many
people needed usually yeah they they may
cut and then they rehire later in many
cases right now they're not going to
rehire so be aware America's runaway
debt scenario $1 trillion do in interest
per year once again I'm tying this all
together for you today you've got a
concern you've got these issues and what
is the solution what can they do to Kick
the Can down the road printing more
money and when they do that prices go up
and you feel the burden how does that
make you feel when they put that burden
onto your back when they do so knowing
that you're struggling as it is and
prices could go astronomically higher
from today it is a worry not just for
people in the bottom you know people
that are already below the poverty line
no not at all this is a big issue for
the
99% so watch out be aware of this the
steps that I told you today I hope that
you will take that into account and
understand that what I'm showing you
here on this channel happens to be um
some really good information but if you
want the like the absolute indepth the
stuff that I was telling people in
2020 um for a long time and then I've
been harping on it ever since we started
this Finance Friday
group I mean come on this is this is the
stuff I've been talking about and we are
getting into the absolute best stuff if
you want to you know look into that more
information the link is in the
description it is a closed group so um
just check it out it's I love it I love
being in in that group and people
getting lots of value from it so thank
you very much to everyone in the group
shout outs to my finance Friday people
and the comment of the day says there is
a flaw in all systems and that flaw is
us and that's right that's what they're
doing right now and what do they do to
squash everybody they create inflation
inflation not deflation yeah you can
have deflation but it's met with the
heavy hand of the Central Bank Fist and
they love to do this in an inflationary
world creating even more on top of it
all right so that's today's video If you
appreciate it hit that thumbs up button
when you're do you're supporting me
you're telling the algorithm hey this
guy's good you got to watch him and of
course don't forget to tune in tomorrow
where I'll be getting into the latest
and greatest take
care